#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
annotated-types==0.5.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.0.0
    # via watchfiles
authlib==1.2.1
    # via weaviate-client
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via authlib
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via anyio
filelock==3.12.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fsspec==2023.9.0
    # via huggingface-hub
ftfy==6.1.1
    # via open-clip-torch
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
httptools==0.6.0
    # via uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.16.4
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via sentence-transformers
numpy==1.25.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
open-clip-torch==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pillow==10.0.0
    # via torchvision
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via open-clip-torch
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-core==2.6.3
    # via pydantic
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via uvicorn
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
regex==2023.8.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   weaviate-client
safetensors==0.3.3
    # via
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.11.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   sentence-transformers
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
timm==0.9.6
    # via open-clip-torch
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   weaviate-client
transformers==4.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   filelock
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
    #   uvicorn
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.23.2
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via uvicorn
validators==0.21.0
    # via weaviate-client
watchfiles==0.20.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via ftfy
weaviate-client==3.23.2
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==11.0.3
    # via uvicorn
